First, let's think about how to represent result sets more compactly
than Python sets (which are implemented as hash tables, not
very space-efficient).

We know that for a set X like (1..n),
the result set R(X) starts with a long interval.
After that I imagine they have progressively shorter intervals,
thinning out to single numbers.
I assume that for other sets (e.g. (3,4,7,9)) the result sets
also contain lots of intervals.

So we could represent result sets as "run-encoded sets"
e.g.
1 3 -6 10 15
means
1 3 6 7 8 9 10 15

To find the results (i.e. the sum/diff/prod/quot) of two sets
encoded in this way,
we can do a nested scan of the two sets like we are now,
and write the results to a bitmask
and then scan this to convert it to a run-encoded set.

This would use reduce memory usage a lot,
and I think it would be faster too.

----------------
A "run-encoded set" is a list of intervals, perhaps of length 1.

Given a run-encoded set R, define
N(R) = the number of elements in the set
M(R) = the number of intervals in the set
In general M < N (perhaps significantly)

Given sets Q and R, we currently find their results by 
looking at all pairs of elements, so the time is N(Q)*N(R).
Can we reduce this to M(Q)*M(R)?
I.e. loop over pairs of intervals rather than pairs of numbers.

Given two intervals, we can trivially compute their sum and difference.
What about product and quotient?

Define a "periodic set" is A + range(N)*B
We can represent this as (A,N,B).

The product of two intervals is a set of periodic sets.
Note: unfortunately this becomes O(N), not O(M)

The quotient of two intervals is a set of intervals.
Again, O(N).

So given two run-encoded sets X and Y
their results are a collection of periodic sets,
some of which are intervals.

How can we efficiently convert this to a run-encoded set?
The general idea:
- sort the periodic sets by start
- keep a "working set" of periodic sets
- scan 1,2,... checking the working set of periodic sets,
    building a run-encoded set
    when encounter an interval, can skip to end
This algorithm would be somewhat tricky.
And I'm not sure it would be faster than the O(N)^2 alg
